I wrote and illustrated children's book
it's called the serious goose that is
the book today I learned it's number one
on the New York Times bestseller list by
if you did all the money I make from it
goes to Children's Hospital here in LA
and children's hospitals around the
country if you haven't bought it yet but
if you want an autographed copy go to
the serious goose comm to get one signed
by me in pen I signed everything in pen
that's right yesterday at the Chinese
Theater just across the street from ours
our first guest put his hands and feet
in wet cement because we want him with
us forever his newest blockbuster to be
is Jumanji the next level it opens
Friday please say hello to the
invincible Kevin Hart
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you you know I always say how are
you but how are you I am I am good man
this just made me feel a lot better
getting that Walker I'm very happy to
see you thank you my congrats on your
book dude I see oh thank you very much I
appreciate that you can't even see your
kids yeah I listen to everything oh good
I'm glad you're listening maverick than
the book I think I left a book for you
back in your dressing good I thought you
may be you may be listening to
everything but you're not looking around
looking around apparently I missed the
book that was on the coffee table I
apologize speaking or not looking around
we know you got the car accident yeah
and thank god you're okay not to make
light of it because it was not funny
when it happened obviously and but now
you're are you like you're feeling good
I'm feeling good man are you able to are
you working are you making love I guess
is the most important making love yes
I'm not belly bumping again yeah yeah
belly bumping early on when you're in
the hospital you forget but you don't
think about it you know of course
because you don't have any movement like
literally I couldn't do anything from my
wife and the nurses like everybody
literally had to assist me so the last
thing you're thinking about is your
package and what's going on but then you
know it was like nine days I'm in the
hospital for like nine days and we got
out and I was laying in the bed and one
day I just got happy I was it oh there
it is
[Applause]
like literally you forgot you're not
even thinking about it but when it
happens I remember one of the times
you're here I don't know my water was B
you told me you got it you had like a
plane that's yeah right when I when I
went to the south of game so you've been
in a car accident you've had a plane up
yeah you have to you should steer clear
of transportation in boat boat I was in
a boat accident you were in a boat out
to the ocean
yeah yeah what happened there well I
survived I was younger my dad let me he
my dad basically let me drive a boat
when I was like eight and he convinced
me that I knew what I was doing and I
was like I don't think I don't think I
got it dad he's like you got it and I
was like nah dad I don't I don't feel
like I got it he was like just steer it
and I was like I am and he was like we
better you better do something because
we had it for that rock and I was like
mmm I think we're gonna hit it then you
hit the rock you hit the rock man hug
your friend the rock an actual rock I
hit that rock - Wow okay well please be
careful oh yeah man god is good man I'm
very very thankful to be alive
[Applause]
blasphemer here was in April we were in
actually Las Vegas we're doing our show
from Vegas for the week yes amantha at
that time your 40th birthday was
approaching that July yep you said well
let's play that clip because that gonna
be 40 in July hey man do you have a big
thing planned
nothing well I'm not doing anything it's
over
is it not over is it over no not when I
say it's over I'm talking about the
other side of fun I've drank I've I've
tried to do with a younger version of
myself has done in the past and it's not
went over well right I can't handle it
so for my 40th I'm giving myself honesty
I want to sit down and watch a movie
leave me alone so that was the plan yeah
and then oh I look on Instagram gasps is
what I see yeah like a party to me is
kind of a big party yeah yeah yeah let
me tell you what happened oh yeah why uh
I was I was hell bent or doing nothing
is serious about that okay okay you
weren't just saying that to me know that
you didn't have to invite me no okay
okay because I thought maybe it's a ruse
or something no kind of sort no I didn't
want to do nothing honest look I do not
want to do anything my birthday and you
know as you get closer to the day all
your friends and everybody start talking
in their like minutes your 40th you
can't just not do nothing and my wife
started talking baby we got to do
something we got to do something big
it's your 40th and then so many more
people become a part of the situation in
the conversation and it just grew and I
was like all right you know what we're
gonna do something we're gonna we're
gonna do like a small little dinner and
a lounge and then it just turned into
this big event we ended up we ended up
renting out towel I'm tell you what we
did it it was supposed to be a dinner at
TAO that progressed to renting out
towels at night so we we rented out
towels for the day apparently you can't
just get it for the night because you
got to take the whole business from the
day out that was a bill all right so we
had to have it
today and then you know I got to talking
to one of my closest friends Bonnie
Walker she does such a good job with
events for me she was like we can't just
let it look like town we got to change
it to where it looks like you this is
your day so we ended up redesign and
that was a tab
you know then she convinced me she was
like you know Kevin her to be cool if we
put your face on a little statues and
you know when somebody says something
you don't think they serious other yeah
that'll be cool and then she brought me
an invoice this is for the statues with
your face all huh I got him I came in
there it was like 20 statues of me
bending down like this with my face on
it
there was a digital board playing my
years of life all of my friends ended up
coming and then I got drunk man I find
it and exactly what I knew was gonna
happen happen and it ended up being it
was bad it was bad
how late did you go how long did you
last well here's the bad part yes spent
all that money that part of it supposed
to go on to 3:00 a.m. I left my party at
12:15 yes I'm being a thousand percent
right now 12:15 I was standing up and it
felt like somebody was pushing me I told
my wife I said somebody keep pushing me
she's like you standing by yourself
somebody has been messing with my shoes
cuz I'm rolling I'm rocking she said not
to your shoes now so honey honey this is
not right I don't have no type of
stability we got to get out of here
she's like we mean we got to get out of
here I think stop talking back to me and
just get me out of here somebody full
Blanche panic attack because you know
the steps in towers so steep and I just
kept seeing myself falling down these
steps on my birthday and everybody go on
Kevin and be having one of those stupid
faces so we love we love she got mad but
apparently she was a little she was a
little drunk too because we both ended
up throwing up in the back at all
but we didn't know it we didn't know
that we threw up until the next morning
when I was like hey babe where's my
jacket and she that I don't know check
the car
oh I found a lot more than my jacket and
you know we were like God what do we do
when we came home so we looked at the
security cameras I'm gonna tell you
something if you want to laugh at the
long night look at the security cameras
so you can watch yourself in action
apparently we walk the dogs we put the
leashes on let's just start walking
around there's a moment there's a moment
where I took the leash off the dog and I
might go and this is a park like go and
I just ended up sleeping on the couch no
it was it was one of the best worst
nights of my life
welcome to 40 welcome to 40 Evan are you
did you were you just talking to them um
press your menu it's right here
[Music]
linguistics
you can talk to animals yes it appears
that I speak camel can you ask them to
like come with us and they're willing to
talk they want to know what's in it for
them and how much luggage we have that
is Kevin Hart in Jumanji
you got a great on if I were talking
about this with your buddy Dwayne
Johnson last night you got an honor
which is given to very few movie stars
you have had your hands and heat
impressed in cement yeah at the Chinese
that's from yesterday yeah Dwayne said
that you were not heavy enough to make a
dent in the that's ridiculous and that
is untrue that is ridiculous
okay it's it's ridiculous I was I was
morning heavy enough didn't feel like I
gave a good enough push and they said
Kevin you don't know if dad is gonna
stick can you do a little a little
harder and Vijay may have had to just
just give you a little better shot but
you know what man it was uh it was an
amazing day you can't you can't write
that you know you don't predict that
Dwayne and Will Ferrell yes spoke they
who did the better job of the two guys
who put more in oh my god will Wayne no
date you know what band they are they're
both not only good friends they just
meant that I I truly respect and admire
you know those guys inspired me on so
many different levels
and and to have the the pleasure of
calling those guys my friend it's
unbelievable you know they're they're
not just coworkers our acquaintances
those guys are a friend so for them to
come out speak on my behalf yesterday it
really it really made it even more
mind-blowing right yeah my boy last
night I asked Wayne Johnson if he
considered you to be his best friend and
he said no he said you're one of his
best friends but you're not his best
friend would you consider him to be your
best friend what I did until you just
said
[Laughter]
and apparently I'm wrong apparently
having reading the same wrong yeah no
man that is that is that's my big fella
hi I have uh I gotta be honest with you
our relationship has skyrocketed and
it's unbelievable the amount of fun that
he and I have it seems like you guys
have and it's not forced it's not forced
fun it's it's authentic conversation
it's just guys that understand that
being themselves or what so many people
have forgotten that it's okay to be it's
okay to be yourself and when you are you
find that people gravitate towards that
and that energy that you give off is
received and when it's racine it's
returned and he and I got a nice yin and
yang thing going and the environments
that were in they're so amazing because
everybody else feeds off of it like our
last promo tour it'll go down in history
is one of the best promo tours that I've
ever done it was fine yes fun all these
doors just giving each other a bunch of
back and forth I'm thinking I'm sorry I
forgot it's okay here go and I have the
same thing I see Guillermo nodding over
there going like yes we have the same
relationship too yeah yeah the best best
friends that's good what up what up
Guillermo yeah I guess I'm the rock in
this relationship
exactly now Kevin yes
to get that as a goblin yeah sorry you
can't get enough I guess I'm Kevin Kevin
Hart everybody to mine
I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season in a fun way by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and through it
all of my ma goes to children's
hospitals across the country or watch
another gaming video and don't help kids
it's up to you